// Questions and thoughts for this weather app

1. What is the purpose for this app?
    This app takes user input of a city they would like to get the weather for.
    The input will be used to get the latitude and longitude using a Geocoding Api.
    When it get the coordinates, it will use them to get the weather from a Weather Api.
    This data will then be displayed back to the user.

    The purpose of this app is to work on my skills programming in Java, but to also get introduced to working with
    Api's. I understand that Api's are interfaces that let programs interact with their data. Using a geocoding api
    will let me get coordinates that will be needed to get access to the weather data.

1. What will you need in order to create this program?

2. What were some things you learned while doing this program?

3. What were some issues you ran into?





// Thoughts
This doesn't really have to do with the program but this is my first time programming on this IDE. I figured out how
to connect this project to GitHub but I couldn't figure out how to link it with an already existing repo. I created
a new repo within the IDE which makes it easy but not something that I was used to. I'm used to using the terminal
to init and connect it when working in VS code. I suppose I could have used the pull command to get the repo then
commit what I changed after so I will try that on the next program.

Things I think I will need to complete this program:
I'll need the scanner package to get user input.
I'll need a Geocoding Api.
Plug user input into Geocoding Api to get coordinates.
Get Weather Api.
Plug coordinates into weather api.
Get weather data.
Display data to user.

I should use a try catch to make the user try again if the input given doesn't work with the Geocoding Api then
make them try again.

I would like to use a logger to log any error or exception throws I get.

From reading the documentation, the data given back from the api's are json objects so i'll need to figure out
how to get the data i need from those objects.